ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and
procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this
evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. Management reviewed the
results of its assessment with our Audit and Compliance Committee. The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2023 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of
possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.

88\.

* * *

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Table of Contents| Alphabet Inc.  
  
