ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on their evaluation as of January 29, 2023, our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of January 29, 2023 based on the criteria set forth in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation
under the criteria set forth in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of January 29, 2023.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
January 29, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which
is included herein.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended January 29, 2023 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began an upgrade of our
enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system, which will update much of our
existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately
maintain our financial records used to report operating results. The upgrade
will occur in phases. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we
completed the consolidated financial reporting phase of the implementation,
which included updating our internal control over financial reporting. We will
continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected.

